<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE article PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DocBook XML V4.3//EN"
"http://www.oasis-open.org/docbook/xml/4.3/docbookx.dtd">
<article lang="en">
  <title>Open Document Format for Office Applications (OpenDocument)
  v1.0</title>

  <subtitle>OASIS Standard, 1 May 2005</subtitle>

  <articleinfo>
    <pubdate>YYYY-MM-DD</pubdate>

    <revhistory>
      <revision>
        <revnumber>1</revnumber>

        <date>YYYY-MM-DD</date>

        <author>
          <firstname>Meno</firstname>

          <surname>Priezvisko</surname>
        </author>

        <revdescription>
          <para>Vytvorenie dokumentu</para>
        </revdescription>
      </revision>
    </revhistory>

    <authorgroup>
      <corpauthor>WebCom, s.r.o.</corpauthor>

      <author>
        <firstname>Meno</firstname>

        <surname>Priezvisko</surname>

        <email>priezvisko@webcom.sk</email>
      </author>
    </authorgroup>

    <legalnotice>
      <para></para>
    </legalnotice>

    <abstract>
      <para></para>
    </abstract>
  </articleinfo>

  <section>
    <title>Introduction</title>

    <section>
      <title>Introduction</title>

      <para>This document defines an XML schema for office applications and
      its semantics. The schema is suitable for office documents, including
      text documents, spreadsheets, charts and graphical documents like
      drawings or presentations, but is not restricted to these kinds of
      documents.</para>

      <para>The schema provides for high-level information suitable for
      editing documents. It defines suitable XML structures for office
      documents and is friendly to transformations using XSLT or similar
      XML-based tools.</para>

      <para>Chapter 1 contains an introduction to the OpenDocument format. The
      structure of documents that conform to the OpenDocument specification is
      explained in chapter 2. Chapter 3 described the meta information that
      can be contained in such documents. Chapters 4 and 5 describe their text
      and paragraph content. Text Fields are described in chapter 6, text
      indices in chapter 7.</para>

      <para>Chapter 8 describes the table content of an document in
      OpenDocument format, chapter 9 its graphical content, chapter 10 its
      chart content, and chapter 11 its form content. Content that is common
      to all documents is described in chapter 12. The integration of SMIL
      animation markup into the OpenDocument schema is described in chapter
      13. Chapter 14 explains style information content, chapter 15 specifies
      formatting properties that are can be used within styles. The data types
      used by the OpenDocument schema are described in chapter 16.</para>

      <para>The OpenDocument format makes use of a package concept. These
      packages are described in chapter 17.</para>
    </section>

    <section>
      <title>Notation</title>

      <para>Within this specification, the key words "MUST", "MUST NOT",
      "REQUIRED", "SHALL", "SHALL NOT", "SHOULD", "SHOULD NOT", "RECOMMENDED",
      "MAY", and "OPTIONAL" are to be interpreted as described in [RFC2119] if
      they appear in uppercase bold letters.</para>
    </section>

    <section>
      <title>Namespaces</title>

      <para></para>
    </section>

    <section>
      <title> Relax-NG Schema</title>

      <para></para>
    </section>
  </section>

  <section>
    <title>Document Structure</title>

    <para>This chapter introduces the structure of the OpenDocument format.
    The chapter contains the following sections:</para>

    <itemizedlist>
      <listitem>
        <para>Document Roots</para>
      </listitem>

      <listitem>
        <para>Document Metadata</para>
      </listitem>

      <listitem>
        <para>Body Element and Document Types</para>
      </listitem>

      <listitem>
        <para>Application Settings</para>
      </listitem>

      <listitem>
        <para>Scripts</para>
      </listitem>

      <listitem>
        <para>Font Face Declarations</para>
      </listitem>

      <listitem>
        <para>Styles</para>
      </listitem>

      <listitem>
        <para>Page Styles and Layout</para>
      </listitem>
    </itemizedlist>

    <para>In the OpenDocument format, each structural component is represented
    by an element, with associated attributes. The structure of a document in
    OpenDocument format applies to all document types. There is no difference
    between a text document, a spreadsheet or a drawing, apart from the
    content. Also, all document types may contain different styles. Document
    content that is common to all document types can be exchanged from one
    type of document to another.</para>
  </section>
</article>